Hello everyone.  Do you want to download your ICICI LBT
policy online?  That too in a few
minutes, so you have come to the right place?  So
friends, first open Google Chrome.
After that search ICICI
LBD in it and then click on the first link.
So after the website opens,
you can see Ask Riya on the right side below,
click on it.  So here you
can see the option Get Soft Copy, click on it.
After that click on policy copy.
After that type your policy
number here.  After that click on send.
After that OTP will come on your registered mobile.
Type that OTP here.
So here you can see there are
two copies of the policy.  So the one above is the
updated one and the one below is the original one.  So
we will download the original right now.  So
click on Click Here to download the original.  So this is our policy
download.  So to save this policy,
you can see download on the right side above.
Click on it.  After that
click on save.  Ok friends, thanks for
watching.  If you found my video useful
then please like it and comment if you have any queries.
Till then take care.
[music]